Good evening! Welcome to the historic episode number 73 of Harmontown episode 73. Please welcome to the stage your mayor Mr. Dan
Harmont! Hello, thank you. Guest Comptroller Erin McGathy. How are you doing? How did it go? Starting the show. I think it went okay. I got some encouragement from the
front row. Oh yeah? Shouldn't you? Yeah, I mean before the show they're like, oh hey, how's it going? The second row was like, fuck you. They're all holding it, giving me a thumbs down, shaking their heads back and forth.
Thanks for coming on Emmy night and Breaking Bad night. We appreciate it. I'm back. I got an iPhone. I'm back. So I'm not wearing my eye Harmon tonight, which is my notepad that I've been using, only because I'm going to give it a field test. I'm going to give Evernote another week. I'm going to see if Evernote works for keeping track of stuff, which so far it does not. It doesn't work. But I did just use my fingerprint to open my phone and that's disturbing.
They say that the fingerprint is stored on the chip inside the phone and that will therefore be accessible to the national security agency. It's already been hacked. Yeah, it's in a chip on a phone. I was never a part of the vote where they said, hey, we're going to give everything but the things in the chips on the
phone to the national security agency. I was never a part of that. I'm sure they would have said that was okay too, right? Sure. We're putting it in the iCloud. The cloud has a border around it.
Dan, how long do you think it'll be before a jealous boyfriend or girlfriend cuts off their partner's thumb? Oh, and uses it to unlock their phone. Yeah. Well, there's definitely going to be a lot of like sleepy past out sleeping use your phone. Just lifting a limp hand up.
Yeah, well people cut off penises and stuff. Of course, you go through people's purses. If you're in an unhealthy relationship, you're yelling at each other and then you get drunk and then you pass out, then someone's going to use the thumb to, yeah, for sure.
And I feel like people justify a lot of bad behaviors where it's like breaking into their partner's phone like, oh, I was checking the thing and then I came across these things. It's pretty hard to get around the thumb print thing. It's an obvious thing. This has been thumb print talk.
Yeah. I just had the air taken out of the thing I really wanted to talk about tonight, which is something that Duncan Trussell told me earlier tonight, which is that the first cybernetic cyborg hate crime happened at a French McDonald's. But it happened like two years ago. It happened like July of 2012.
And there was a guy in a French McDonald's that had a cybernetic eye. And yeah, people were like, take off that camera. And he was like, it's my eye. It's bolted to my skull. I'm a cyborg. And it was, he was a cyborg.
And they tried to rip it off like a kid, like, you know, like in a comedic, like, take off that beard. You're in disguise. And it's like, ow, I'm Santa Claus. Except they tried to rip his eye out of his head.
Uh, ostensibly, because they're French, I guess, and they're like, both more passionate and have less technology. I don't like, because I'm sure this guy had to be either Canadian or American, right? He's gonna have a robot eye. And yeah, they tried to rip his eye out of his head.
And people were calling it the first cyborg hate crime. But it happened a year ago. So who cares? And I looked it up and it wasn't like, you have a picture in your head of like, like a cyborg eye, like a terminator.
He's got like a, it's like a Google, half of a Google Glass is bolted to his head. He's the one who chose to bolt it, like, could easily just wear it, make it rip offable. I'm just saying, just when you look at it, you're kind of like, yeah, take it off.
It's kind of like a fedora. It was like, no, I have a really tingly scalp. So I staple my hat to my head. They said no hats in here. They tried to rip it off. And it rips my, my, my skin off. Like, it's like yikes. That's terrible. But like, nothing, but nothing. I mean, I wasn't, I wasn't going to say he deserves it. I've got a camera bolted to his head.
Don't rip it off. But anyways, I just want to talk about how disappointing it is to find out in the green room that that happened a year ago.
Are you going to talk to Duncan about it?
Yeah, I'm going to text him and say, yeah, thanks for the scoop jackass. First cyborg hate crime. I'm going to go put a camera in his head.
All right, so let's just review some things.
So we had a good, good Saturday yesterday.
Yeah.
Harmon and McGathey style.
Bed Springer.
Yeah, yeah. I definitely got out of bed today. Absolutely because I wanted to.
Yeah.
Like I was, there was nothing left to do in bed.
I absolutely reached my limit as I was waking up to the credits of how to succeed in business without really trying at 5am. I was like, it is time to get out of bed.
Yeah. Yesterday we watched Super 8 in time with Justin Timberlake. A little bit of the host. Just a little bit of the Twilight Ladies Alien movie.
Branded. Tried to watch a little bit of Branded. Batman and Robin and Batman Forever.
And yeah, how to succeed in business without really trying. But what we didn't get around to watching is something I'm kind of excited about because of the iTunes description.
It's called the Dinosaur Project. It's on iTunes and the iTunes description is, Dinosaur Project is a team of explorers searching for a mythical creature.
What mythical creature?
When their helicopter is brought down by a flock of enormous birds, they discover strange creatures which civilization has thought extinct for millions of years.
The dinosaurs are the title.
And describe the art on the cover of the movie.
I don't know if I can.
Well, it's people running from dinosaurs.
Identifiable dinosaurs.
The Dinosaur Project. But the summary of it, they're really trying to skirt the, like, let's make this a bigger deal.
Yeah.
Yeah, that there are creatures that no one's aware of.
But I'm getting tapped because I don't, you know, this is one of those nights. I'm telling you, I got nothing. I got nothing to talk about.
And you're here and...
What?
Oh, you weren't crazy about Super 8.
I like the first half hour of it and then, you know, as it slowly became a movie about a spider monster.
Okay, I wasn't trying to throw you under the bus. I didn't think it was really funny watching Dan. I've seen the movie before.
Watching Dan watch that movie just be like, oh, it's just a spider monster.
And you learn that Dan's experience of watching Super 8 was just like, oh, I can't wait to see what bizarre new monster this is.
The payoff that I'm being promised, the payoff.
The payoff is friendship.
Super payoff.
If your movie's about a spider monster and it's CG, you can just show it crawling out of a thing and reveal it and then tell a story about dealing with it.
You don't have to hide it from me.
That doesn't make it magical. You can't tell me it's magical. That's not fair. That's not fair.
It's not magical just because you don't show it. That's not a magical creature. It's a spider monster. It's from Mars and it wants to go back home.
And I would like to see the spider monster as early as possible and I'd like to learn what makes it tick and then get on with the story of the spider monster.
I do not want to hear the three hour story of what's that and have the third act be, it's a spider monster.
Just a very well shot, very, very beautiful film.
It's about a spider monster and there's just no covering that up these days.
I got a cyborg eye called Apple TV. I can rewind. I know it's a spider monster.
All right.
Our next guest waited in line for 12 hours to buy my new iPhone for me and didn't get his own.
Which I wanted to buy him in exchange for him doing that. His name is Spencer Crittenden.
Spencer!
Do you want to be a guest for a change? Do you want to sit and...
Oh boy. That question just overloaded him.
There's three chairs up there. Two microphones.
Thanks for waiting in line for me the night before the iPhone came out.
I'm still kind of out of it.
Did it throw up your schedule a little bit?
Yeah, a little.
I didn't sleep and then I slept and now I'm okay kind of.
That's how it works. How did...
How does waiting in line to buy an iPhone work? That's something I don't know.
It's kind of boring. I'm not sociable.
So I got there and I didn't really talk to anybody.
But other people were talking to people around me and that was great.
What were those people like?
What were the people?
Yeah, the people around you. What were the conversations? What was the scene?
About being cold and whether or not the bathrooms are working.
Where were the bathrooms?
They were, you know, around. It was an outdoor mall.
There's two kinds of bathrooms. They were both locked at some point.
These are the details of people that I want. I don't know about people.
I want to know, you're out on the sidewalk. You're outside an Apple store.
I'm in a camp chair.
You brought a chair?
Yeah, you gotta bring a chair.
So where do you make the pee-pees?
In the bathroom.
Which one? Who's bathroom?
It's the mall bathroom. It's public.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, you go up these stairs and there's a bathroom.
And I went and there was a guy out there and he was like,
don't go in the bathroom, man. And I was like, what?
And he was like, it's all dark. I couldn't find the light.
And I was like, oh, well, I mean, I've peed in the dark before.
Also, how dare he slap his limitations on you like that?
I couldn't find the light switch. Everyone, everyone stop eliminating.
Yeah, I was like, just don't, just don't follow me in there.
And I just went in there and, you know, my iPhone has a flashlight function.
Yeah, very funny that a guy in line for new technology was like, dark.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, that would be it. That's the point of being an Apple guy is,
yeah, Apple takes care of that.
Like Apple turned the lights off. I don't know what to do.
So wait, he didn't want you to follow him into the bathroom?
No, I told him not to follow me because he's a weird guy
telling people about stuff going on in the bathroom.
You said don't follow me to someone?
Yeah.
You were saying I'm going to go check this out.
Yeah, well, he was presumably out of the bathroom having gone in there
and I was going in there in spite of his warning.
So he might be like, oh, what's all the fuss about?
Or he might be like, I'm going to murder that guy.
I mean, who am I to judge?
But don't follow me in there seemed to be fair.
Can you describe this bath town bathroom crier?
He was, he was a Mexican guy with a short, spiky hair.
Maybe five foot four.
Fine, you know.
Are you not using any kind of race because you're not racist?
He said Mexican.
Oh, okay.
Definitely.
I didn't hear it because I'm not racist.
Nice.
Okay, so a tiny, tiny man?
Yeah.
He said five foot four?
He's small, yeah.
Sorry if you're in the audience and you're five foot four
and you don't like being called tiny.
So definitely compared to you, a tiny, tiny little man.
Yeah, a lot of people are.
Don't go in the bathroom.
I can't find the light.
And you said, okay, don't follow me.
Yeah.
And went in the bathroom and found the lighter.
Just use your iPhone as a.
Well, I was like, I'll take my chances.
And then he was like, well, I mean, I looked all around.
It's really, really dark in there.
And I was like, I'll be fine.
Just don't, don't come in there.
Oh man.
Something happened with that guy and his mom at a certain point.
Something, something where he went into the room and he's like, mom,
like the lights out and she came in and turned the light on and,
and beat him with a hammer.
Just with a lamp.
So he loves and hates light.
So the, was he a fellow Apple liner?
I think he was.
Yeah.
And that was at about 2 30 in the morning.
I think most people out were that there was a, you know,
some security guards and cops rolling around.
But other than that, it was just Apple people.
And was he, was he waiting for you when you came out?
Did you say that already?
He was still there.
He hadn't moved.
I went pretty fast.
I was, you know, ready to defend myself.
So, yeah.
He was still there?
Yeah.
Waiting outside the bathroom?
Not waiting outside.
He was, there's like a kind of area that's like a balcony over these stairs
because you got to go upstairs.
So it's like, he was at a balcony overlooking this place
when he, you know, told me of the bathroom's lights.
Yeah.
And so yeah.
And he just stayed there and watched you go to the bathroom
and come back out.
Yeah, I'm sure.
I don't, I don't think of it like that, but.
Who saved your place in line when you were using the bathroom?
No one.
I had my chair there.
So a lot of people, once they had chairs going on,
they were getting up and leaving and coming back.
Sort of an honor system.
But how much, how much are you allowed to stretch that?
How much did you see it stretch?
Like the idea of just putting a chair there and just taking off.
The person who was like the fifth in line was bullshit.
It was just some old lady and.
She just put a chair out and fucking went home and watched.
She went down for four, she left for four hours,
came back for a half hour, left for about seven hours,
came back two minutes or two hours before opening.
But other than that, wasn't there at all.
So like most of the time she wasn't even there.
So that was kind of bullshit.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
This concept.
This is the other thing that haunts me.
If you had not waited in line for me so I could have my precious iPhone
the next day.
How long would it have taken?
Was there a line the next day?
They would have been sold out the next day of most stuff.
Especially that, that model.
So the night that you spent in a lawn chair and a sidewalk
earned me how many days with an iPhone that I wouldn't have had.
I mean six to seven.
Six to seven.
All right.
Spencer.
Dan Harmon too.
For not abusing his employees.
I got seven days out of his 12 hours.
Pretty good.
I felt bad.
I told him to get himself one and then he couldn't.
Because he was an Apple employee.
Yeah.
I had an employee account that gave me like a cheap bill.
But as a result I was like locked onto bullshit.
And I, you know, stopped being an employee.
But I guess I didn't stop having a plan so I couldn't get a phone.
So it was more about your phone plan than your, than the Apple.
Yeah.
Well I got the phone plan because of Apple.
But it was the phone plans, lockedness.
It was just bureaucracies.
All right.
Oh my gosh.
You know what time it is?
It's McAfee Game Corner time.
Yeah.
All right.
Welcome to McAfee's Game Corner.
We'll do, Spencer, you want to play?
Oh yeah.
Can anyone else play?
Like how many people can play?
Are we, we could have one more person.
But only if maybe he's created something with you in the past.
And only if you've been, is that what you're doing?
Well that's what I was thinking about.
But I don't want to, I don't know what your game is.
So I don't want, am I ruining it?
Let's welcome Rob Schrab to the stage.
Can I confess something that I just realized as I sat down?
I didn't realize consciously I was doing this or I would have been honest about it.
What I thought through my head was, if there was someone else up here, according to the format of the show, I get to sit down.
The format of the show being me doing whatever I want.
So I could have sat down.
You could have started the show sitting.
Yeah, I could roll out here on a surfboard.
You could lay down.
Kitten's pulling it, yeah.
Anyways, thank you.
How are you doing, Rob?
I'm doing good.
Wow, double making it.
You're doing good, good, good, good.
I just saw this Insidious Chapter 2, you ever see that?
Anybody see this Insidious Chapter 2?
What's Insidious 1?
That's like, that's one of those kids' paranormal movies, right?
Yeah, the first one is not too bad.
Is it another with the camera?
No, no, no, no, no.
There were cameras involved.
That's why I got to see it.
Well, in our day, there were always cameras involved, but there was craftsmanship too.
You didn't just put one of these things on a dresser and say,
oh boy, I'm Citizen Kane now.
I didn't like it.
I know that felt like a setup that I was going to start doing like 15 minutes on why Insidious 2 was bad,
but I just wanted to say I didn't like it.
We can get on with the game.
Did you see it in the theater?
I saw it with Steve Agee.
In the theater, yes.
What's it like seeing a movie with Steve Agee?
What's it like?
Yeah.
He leans forward a lot, which is kind of...
You know what, I'll sit and crouch, but he'll like lean forward a lot, and that's weird.
I think it's because he's really tall.
I think it's because he's...
He has anxiety about being a tall guy at a movie theater.
I have that.
We saw the conjuring together, which was really good.
I really liked that.
I thought it had some heightened moments.
What did you see? What?
The conjuring.
It's another movie.
Yeah.
Is that about some kind of wizard or something?
No.
No is that...
Like a Harry Potter thing?
No, no, no, no, no.
Is that one of those Hogwarts?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Keep going, keep going.
No, it was this thing.
It started Ron Livingston and the guy that played Owlman from Watchmen that looks like Rob Hubel.
Yeah, Rob Hubel from the Watchmen.
Yeah, yeah, Rob Hubel from the Watchmen.
Who's also an insidious too.
And I heard that Rob Hubel auditioned for Abraham Lincoln Vampire.
Wait, as Abraham Lincoln?
As Abraham Lincoln, yeah.
That'd be a different movie, wasn't it?
I think it would go something like this.
A four score and seven.
Yeah.
Do you hear that, Rob Hubel?
That's what you sound like.
That's what you sound like, Cubes.
Where was I?
No, we saw The Conjuring together and Watches Scary Movies with A.G. is awesome because he's like,
Oh, oh, oh, oh, shit during all the tense moments.
It was really fun.
It was fun.
This movie was so fun because it sucked.
Insidious too, huh?
Insidious too.
So what, had you seen Insidious One?
Yes, I did.
Well, what's Insidious One?
Give me the breakdown.
Okay, give me the goods.
Give me the decent.
Insidious, Insidious One is...
Give me the elevator pitch.
Okay, okay, Insidious One is basic.
Give me beginning, middle, end.
Okay.
Insidious One.
5,000 words.
It's basically Poltergeist.
It's pain in and all of the slug lines.
There's each location.
Give me the one sheet.
Okay, well...
Give me the transportation budget.
No, no, seriously.
It's shot list.
Try some story books.
Give me the shipwreck comic strip of it.
Give me the novelization.
Yeah.
The novelization.
Okay.
Give me just the McDonald's cups.
I can't keep up with it.
No, no, Insidious One is like this couple.
They have a kid.
He goes unconscious.
He doesn't come out of consciousness.
They find out that he has the ability to astral project, but got lost in this place called
the further.
And the thing about when you astrally project, your spirit goes out of your body, but then
all, it's like your empty vessel of a body like draws ghosts who want to.
It's like a lawn chair outside an Apple store.
Yes.
And all that stuff is like really good.
And then it kind of at the end, it had some good stuff.
It's just a spider monster.
It was a four-legged spider monster.
Interesting.
Rob, how do you think that is?
It's called Man.
It asks the question.
It's a movie that asks the question, who is the real spider monster?
Isn't man just a four-legged spider monster?
That's what I meant.
That doesn't spin webs.
That's what I meant by a four-legged.
I know.
I'm standing.
I'm having fun with you.
Okay.
Good.
Rob, how well do you think that prepared you for McGathey's Game Corner?
Very well.
Yes.
All right.
Oh my God, guys, that was my first good sound cue ever that I've ever done.
Thanks.
So Harmontown attracts a variety of dynamic and interesting characters.
Man, stand up.
One, two, three, four, sixteen.
So many people.
So many dynamic, interesting people who become a part of the show a few months ago.
Stand up.
I'm sorry.
A few months ago, we were gifted with some beef jerky.
Ooh, I heard about this.
Ooh, the beef jerky.
We were gifted by a man named Bill, who's sitting in the front row.
That's Bill, Rob, in the black shirt.
I heard about it.
Bill, why don't you jump on the mic for this intro?
Yeah, why don't you, Bill?
Just for the intro.
Okay, so I'm up here for five seconds and then I sit down, right?
We'll see what happens.
So Bill brought some very special beef jerky from Texas from this beef jerky distributor
that he very much believes in.
Did you close the Ziploc bag before you left Texas?
Bill did everything right.
This was a totally random bad luck experience.
This is beef's fault.
It's not necessarily the manufacturer's fault.
It's just a random occurrence.
Things happen.
I just want to forget about it.
Well, no, of course you can't.
Has the game started?
So Bill passed out the jerky.
There was some mold on the jerky, whatever.
There was a lot of mold.
Okay, someone just said there's a lot of mold on the jerky.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
Anyway, Bill, since then has sat in the front row and has become part of the landscape that
is the Harmonton audience.
So we are going to play a game called the Beef Fungus Bill Game.
When you brought him up, I was reminded that he made a iPad stand.
Bill obviously also makes us wood stuff.
He made quotes on little slats for us, Harmonton quotes.
By the way, Bill, remember the quote that we thought was erroneous or whatever that said?
It wasn't.
I said whatever was on there.
Oh, that sounds like a point.
It was written on an anus or something.
Yeah.
For some reason I said that, probably because I was on something else.
Pittsburgh.
And then also he made a Dungeon Master iPad stand for Spencer to Dungeon Master with.
And Adam Goldberg.
What?
All right.
So Bill, Bill is, we are aware.
There's more than one prototype.
We are aware of Bill, and Bill is part of Harmonton.
But what do we really know about Bill, you guys?
I just said it all.
Right, exactly.
That's all we know.
Yeah, yeah.
So earlier today, Bill sent me some true facts about himself.
Oh, nice.
All right.
So thank you, Bill.
You can go ahead and sit down.
I know why your face delay affects the judging.
But thank you.
Let's give him a really big hand.
Now, sweetie, can I ask you, when Bill sent you this email with all these true facts about himself,
was that solicited?
Or is this another situation?
Oh, that's so flattering.
I would be flattering.
No, it was not a situation.
What's the situation?
Some guy sending her an email with a bunch of facts about himself.
I'm solicited.
Has this happened before?
To you.
Well, look at her, bro.
Oh, that's very nice.
That's very nice.
Happens all the time.
Avoiding the question.
All right.
She does a podcast where she says, hey, I care about you.
I'm Erin McGathy.
I'm your best friend.
I care about your relationships.
Here's all about mine.
And it invites its fair share of intimacy from strangers.
I wish that it came in the form of just facts about listeners.
That would be fun.
All right.
So we're going to go ahead and play this game.
There are, we have 10 questions.
I'm sorry, sweetie.
Can we get Rob a cup?
I don't want a cup.
No, we can get you a cup.
Hold on.
No, no, no.
No.
Keep going with your game thing.
Go get with your game thing.
No, no.
I'm sorry.
I'm not going to interrupt anymore.
I'm terribly sorry.
Have a drink, Rob.
We're going to get you a cup so you can have a drink.
Okay.
The explanation of this game is very, very brief.
So I'm going to explain it very briefly.
I have 10 questions.
One, every question includes a true fact about Bill.
The other things are not true.
The three of you are going to, individually, you're on your own team.
You're going to decide what is the true Bill fact.
You are allowed to discuss it with each other, discuss it with yourself, explain why you
discuss it with yourself, explain why you feel that way.
So let's go ahead and get started.
All right.
One of these is true.
We're picking the one that's true.
You're picking the one that's true.
Who goes first?
We'll go, we'll do it counterclockwise, and we'll start with Spencer.
We're in a line.
I know.
I just...
Who's reading the clock?
I just threw it out there.
We'll start with Spencer, and we'll go Spencer, Dan, Rob, as far as who gets to give their
final answer first.
All right.
Question number one.
One of these is real.
The other two are fake.
Bill spells his name with one L because...
And these are quotes.
A, it's my own little pretentious contrivance.
In honor of Sesame Street, two L's seems like a waste.
B, it's my own little pretentious contrivance.
My father was a two L'd Bill who earned both.
I leave it to you to decide what that means.
C, it's my own little pretentious contrivance.
I enjoy correcting people.
So it's me, right?
Yeah, but you guys can discuss what you...
Can we have some thought music?
You can.
I'm not the best DJ, but no, you can.
I mean, it might be a cow farting, but I'll find something.
Okay, I thought it'd be like, I don't know.
Okay.
I mean, when you hear the first one, you're like, this sounds like the real one.
It sounds like it's trying to be clever, but all of them sounded like that.
I know which one it is.
Oh, do you?
No, I mean, I think I know.
Tell me which one you think it is.
Well, it's the point for him to...
Well, I want to win.
You guys have a minute of discussing it out loud and making your points,
and then you'll give your final answers.
Okay, what's your thing?
But if I share my reasoning, then they get to piggyback on my intuition.
You're right.
Okay, so we'll go down the line, Spencer.
I want to finally answer from this guy before I swoop in and snatch it up.
You're totally right.
I want to hear what Dan has to say.
Okay, but Spencer, in this round, you go first, so you decide.
Okay, that makes sense.
I'd like to pick A because, I mean, that sounds right.
The Sesame Street...
Yeah, because they value letter economy, right?
I don't understand the Sesame Street reference.
They value letter economy.
They do?
Well, letters are very important.
Well, letters are their sponsor.
You can't just have two.
I still don't get the connection to Sesame Street, though.
I understand letters are on the show.
I don't understand why...
I don't remember...
I mean, I've seen them all, and I don't remember somebody coming out
to never put two rows next to each other.
I think they just imparted the value of an L to you to the extent that...
Don't buy it.
Yeah.
Anyways, I'm going to go with B, and I'll tell you why.
To the dad one, two L bill.
That's the dad one.
My dad, two Ls, whatever.
I've met a lot of fellas who use their middle name as their first name,
because people who spell their first name differently, etc.
It always has to do with a fucked up relationship with their dad.
We'll go with that.
Alright, Rob?
I'm going to take C, because that's the only one I remembered.
I enjoy correcting people?
Yes.
That's exactly the one.
The correct answer is A, the Sesame Street answer.
That's not fair.
He went first.
Well, everyone would argue he was in the worst position.
In this round, Dan will guess first, and then Rob and then Spencer.
Question number two.
A, I want a Philo T Farnsworth Award for video art.
B, I want a Philo Teen Farnsworth Award for my work with children's hospitals.
C, I want a Philo Teen Farnsworth Award for urban planning.
Why do you keep saying teen?
Huh?
T.
Sorry.
Teen Farnsworth.
It's like a new Nickelodeon cartoon.
I will go with A, because Philo T Farnsworth's invented television.
Okay, I think we're learning about how much I know about Philo T Farnsworth.
Sorry.
Okay, go ahead, Rob.
I don't know who this Philo guy is, but Bill seems like a kind of a video person.
I'm also going to go with A.
But I thought of that before Harmon said anything.
And I would have got that first one if I had some music to think.
What kind of shit are you running here on?
I'm going to go with A, because I had a good reason for it.
Alright, that is correct.
It is A video art.
We all win.
We all tied up.
T. Farnsworth was reportedly, I don't know if it's Urban Legends, supposedly was thought
of the idea for television while mowing his lawn, noticed that the rows and columns of
the different squares looked at them and kind of came up with the idea of what we would
one day call pixels.
Right.
And the T is where we get TV from.
That's correct.
That is correct.
The T was taken from his name.
PhiloTV Farnsworth.
The weird thing is the T stands for toilet.
His dad always wanted him to invent the toilet.
Fuck that.
Philo, I didn't know you could name your kid after something you used to make necklaces
with.
Alright, number three.
You can name your kid after everything.
Oh, dirt.
Or anything.
But you can't name them a number.
Somebody tried to name their kid a number in like Europe somewhere.
And then another kid.
A cyborg guy.
Someone else tried to name their kid Adolf Hitler or something.
Somebody tried to name their kid God.
And they didn't let that happen?
No, no.
The judge said, no, that's just for, that name is for the creator.
It was totally.
That's fucked up.
The Kanye West.
The Hitler thing.
I mean, come on, you can't fight City Hall.
But, I mean, the God thing.
What's that story?
Whatever.
Question number three.
And this, Rob, you will answer this first.
I promise there will be thinking music.
Good.
Question number three.
When I was in grade school, I won two gold and several silver medals.
Sorry.
When I was in grade school, I won two gold and several silver medals for A.
Science.
B.
Singing.
C.
Shot put.
What was the second one?
Singing.
Oh.
Science.
B.
Singing.
C.
Shot put.
Waiting.
Who's giving medals to grade squillers?
I just love that he specified several silver medals.
Several.
They kind, that kind of means a gold.
Yep.
That kind of specificity only comes from somebody who is interested in science.
Only.
All right.
Science.
However.
The music helped.
I'd like to point out that the score was erroneously reported as tied earlier.
No, no.
I took it back right away.
I said, no, no, it's not.
You have two and the other and Spence and Rob and Dan have one.
The game's not over yet, man.
You're totally right.
I said it.
I took it back.
Just settle down.
Just clarifying for the podcast.
Don't worry.
It is not tied.
Spencer has two.
Dan has one.
Rob has one.
Now, now Bill seems like the type who can put a shot.
All right.
That's the whole shot putting.
Okay.
All right.
Spencer's answer is shot put.
Dan?
My instinct is to go away from science because it feels obvious because he's a Harmontown
attendee and he makes things.
And so it would be weirder for him to be a good singer or a shot putter.
If you're in grade school, I mean, that doesn't have any bearing on what you become just because
he doesn't look like Jesse Ventura now.
It doesn't mean he wasn't the ace shot putter of his grade school.
I mean, what did it take back then?
You have to shoot a heavy ball further than a bunch of fourth graders.
You could have been good at anything.
The question is, would you think of the word shot put as a comedic third?
And I feel like the answer is yes.
There wasn't a comedy one in there.
There wasn't one with a zing.
That's the zingy one.
No business zingy.
I think that was written by a zinger.
So I'm going to go with singing.
That is correct.
Yeah!
Well done.
The score is now...
This game sucks!
The score is Spencer 2, Dan 2, Rob 1.
Fuck off!
All right.
Spencer will start the answering in this round.
I hate games.
I can't believe you brought me up for the game, man.
After this, we're going to play G&D, so get ready.
That's a different kind.
You can't lose at that.
Oh, you can.
We've been doing it for months.
Question number four.
I always lose.
All right, go ahead.
Bill was in marching band.
Really?
True.
So was I, Bill.
He played one of these three instruments.
Heard strings.
A, drum.
B, oboe.
C, alto sax.
A, drum.
B, oboe.
C, alto sax.
Who's first?
Spencer is first.
I just, yeah, oboe.
What's your reasoning?
Because this is a bad question.
I'm really arbitrary.
I just really wanted to say oboe.
All right, oboe.
It's fun.
I don't think it's arbitrary at all.
I think that Bill is clearly a sax man because he looked at the
marching band as an opportunity to, yeah, it's a sexy instrument.
It's a Bill Clinton instrument.
He wanted to, he saw himself sitting in the window.
He's like, man, I have all this aptitude for science and music,
but I'm never going to be like a motley crew.
I just, I also value the rule of law.
All right.
So what instrument gets pussy without breaking the law?
The answer is sax.
I know, I know, I know.
I know what you're going to say.
Let them all answer, and I'll throw out a fact,
and then they can revise their answer.
Oh, shit.
Please.
I love you.
This is why I didn't want you on the stage.
We'll bring you up for a follow-up.
So if you would like a notepad or something,
so you can remember these.
Okay.
That sounded me.
No, it didn't.
I'm in my head.
Sorry.
Okay.
So you were going with a sax, sexy sax,
which is like making out with somebody.
Yeah.
Especially when you're silhouetted in a window in an 80s set.
Yes.
Dan, would you do that as Rob's thinking music?
He just did.
Okay.
Bill with 1L, you seem to me as somebody who when you were younger had longer hair.
I need a drummer.
Oh.
That is correct.
Breed it.
You know what?
It didn't occur to me.
Drums are pretty sexy too.
I was just picturing the marching band drum,
the one that's just tethered to your torso
and you're like an energizer bunny.
All right.
Sexy.
But it's marching band.
You played a drum.
Never mind.
for a minute.
No, you were, you were pretty good, right?
Yeah, come on, all right.
He was specifically fifth bass drum.
So I don't know, does that mean fifth chair?
Or is that a specific?
Oh, the biggest bass drum.
The biggest one, Aaron.
All right, question number five.
I was last chair trumpet.
In a three-way with Vince Vaughn.
It's not even a musical term.
It's just before I came here.
All right, this question includes four quotes.
This is a four-option answer.
And we're going to start with Dan in the answering.
A, I've had migraines since I was 16.
B, I've had parakeets since I was 16.
C, I've had arthritis since I was 16.
D, I've had lizards since I was 16.
You're so proud of yourself for creating perfectly equidistant
possibilities.
Yeah, exactly.
Only one of those is true.
Yeah.
Lizards, parakeets, arthritis, or migraines.
Yep, migraines, paracretes.
Did you say this was a lightning round?
No, no, no, no.
We have four choices as opposed to three.
Oh, oh, oh, it's the molasses round.
God damn it.
OK, parakeets, two contained.
He would look at them.
The throbbing heart of a freeman beats Bill's chest.
That's why he works with wood and beef, lizards.
There's the science angle.
Oh, lizards are supposed to be gross, but I'm a scientist.
I value them because I'm scientific.
Migraines and arthritis.
Arthritis, he wouldn't do all that handiwork, migraines.
All right, Rob.
Lizards.
For the same reasons that Dan said.
Spencer?
I don't want to live in a world where Bill had parakeets.
He goes home at night and tells him about how did
Harmontown go tonight, Professor Feathers?
Professor Feathers.
Because he's an expert.
Yeah.
What happened to you in that line, man?
Oh, man, after that line, I went to Roscoe's chicken
and waffles, and I was texting on my cell phone.
And the way I was texting, I don't know,
but it was like it lined up some pathways in my brain,
and I felt like I was a living god for that moment.
Like high on all of the drugs that your brain makes itself.
Like I was just like, ugh.
Like I could just like pass through the walls.
So are you saying lizards?
Shoot laser beams at those ads.
Just because of sleep deprivation?
The combination of that and success,
and I'm sure you know, who knows.
What I'm trying to say is that if Bill actually
did have parakeets, then our relationship
will fundamentally change from here on.
I'm going to pick migraines, because I
feel like I got migraines around that age,
and that seems like something that crops up at 16.
Around Bill's age?
Oh, since 16, he said.
Well, Spencer is correct.
And Dan.
It is, and Dan.
Sorry, Spencer and Dan are correct.
It was migraines, migraines.
The score is Spencer 3, Dan 3, Rob.
We know, we know, we know, we know what the score is.
What's Rob's score?
Shut up, shut up.
Rob is in last place with two.
Oh, shut up.
I was just trying to play it, yeah.
Number six, three quotes.
I have been bungee jumping.
I have been skydiving.
I have not been on an airplane.
A, I have been bungee jumping.
B, I have been skydiving.
C, I have not been on an airplane.
We were going to start with this Rob.
We were going to start with Rob.
Music.
OK.
Oh god, I don't know how to do this.
OK, the music's fucking with me.
OK, get rid of it.
Bungee jumping, skydiving.
Never been on a plane.
Skydiving.
All right, Spencer?
I'm going to pick skydiving.
OK, Dan.
Am I the only one?
If C is correct, then B can't be.
If he was never on a plane, he could, unless you pulled
a bungee cord really tight and flew him into the air,
I don't think he could ever skydive
without having been on a plane, which means that.
B was right, then C couldn't be.
And since B and C have a relationship with each other,
then I'm going to go with A. He's been bungee jumping.
OK, the correct answer is B, skydiving.
Ha!
Yeah!
Spencer's and Lee, Dan, and Rob are tied.
Again!
Question number seven.
This is the ice cream question.
We get ice cream?
All the ice cream you want.
I once won a year's supply of ice cream,
and I always chose bubblegum, because A, it's a dessert
and an activity, B, I actually thought
it was cotton candy flavored, C, I knew my dad wouldn't eat it,
A, it's a dessert and an activity,
B, I actually thought it was cotton candy flavored,
C, I knew my dad wouldn't eat it.
D, I make poor life decisions.
Who's going first?
Who's going this round?
Who starts this round?
Spencer, Spencer, it's you.
I'm going to go with B for whatever reason.
You thought it, he actually thought it was cotton candy
flavored.
Sure.
OK, Dan?
I'll go with C, because of my continuing fixation
on fathers.
All right.
I'm going to go with A, because it is true.
It's a dessert and an activity.
The correct answer is C, I knew my dad wouldn't eat it.
That brings Rob back to last place.
Spencer and Dan tied for first.
All right, here we go.
A, I have a, sorry?
No, I was cursing this game.
A, I have a bunch of magnets on my fridge.
B, I have two sewing kits.
C, I have 455 PEZ dispensers.
A, I have a bunch of magnets on my fridge.
B, I have two sewing kits.
C, I have 455 PEZ dispensers.
We're going to start with Dan.
OK, I keep going to, you asked him to email a bunch of facts
about himself.
So he might have, during a falter, might have gone,
I don't know, I have a bunch of magnets on my fridge.
What else?
Like, maybe.
Because that 455 PEZ dispensers thing,
that seems like a make-up up.
And the, what's the other one?
Two sewing kits.
That's pretty specific.
I'm going to go with sewing kits.
OK, Rob?
I'm also going to go with sewing kits,
but I thought of it before Dan said anything.
Because he works with his hands and stuff.
Yeah.
You did a really good job.
Thank you.
That's all I wanted tonight.
What, I'm going to go with sewing kits,
because that's the lowest stakes for me.
So it doesn't matter what the answer is,
this round is to watch.
How come this is not important to you?
It is.
It's just so important to me.
You don't care.
I'm playing it like a game.
And you're winning.
Yeah, that's why.
The correct answer is, I have a bunch of magnets
on my fridge, is the correct answer.
All right, moving on.
We're almost done.
Stupid.
Second to last question.
I love this game, Erin.
Thanks, Spencer.
Yeah, balanced viewpoints.
Are you starting to rethink your position
on Dungeons and Dragons?
Do you think this is a better game?
I'm definitely considering how the work audience member
trivia into my encounters.
Yeah.
I'm wondering if there could be a whole convention for this.
I'm sure.
All right, question number nine.
I was in the talent show in the fifth grade.
And I sang, A, don't rain on my parade, B,
Dad, don't hit me.
An original piece by B, Fiddler on the Roof,
C, luck be a lady.
That's a good one.
A, don't rain on my parade, B, Fiddler on the Roof,
C, luck be a lady.
What's don't rain on my parade?
I don't know what that is.
Don't tell me not to fight.
It's from Funny Girl.
It's from what?
It's a barber's tray sand.
OK, so you put that one in there.
OK.
Yeah.
But all of these songs are very popular songs.
I'm going to live it.
I'm not going to do much of it.
I would like to hear two bars of Fiddler on the Roof, please.
Or thinking music.
Like a Fiddler on the Roof.
I mean, it's not actually a song.
All right.
Well, I will.
May God bless and protect us.
So that's another made-up one.
Who's going?
Oh, sorry.
Rob is starting.
Rob is starting, correct?
Yes, thank you.
Sorry.
It's your game.
Let me say Fiddler on the Roof's a classic.
But luck be a lady is a crowd pleaser.
So I'm going to say luck be a lady.
OK.
That's a drummer's song.
They just did that at the Emmys tonight.
Luck be a lady.
They sure did.
Whoa.
Wow.
How did you know that?
I was on while I was sleeping.
I woke up to Don Cheadle, like doing this weird monologue.
I had a half a fever dream.
Don Cheadle's voice was in my ear
talking about how television is an amazing thing
because Kennedy got his brains blown out.
TV was there for that.
And then a couple weeks later, the Beatles
made it OK to laugh again.
Here's Carrie Underwood.
And I was like, what the fuck is happening?
What are you talking about?
It's just a piece of technology that has enslaved all of us.
There's not a cultural icon.
Ah, television.
Ah, phylo TV.
When Kennedy died, when Beatles like, yeah,
and everything else, what are you talking about?
I was like, ah, oxygen.
Kennedy breathed it for his last breath.
Then the Beatles exhaled it during, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here's Carrie Underwood.
You went out some more.
Enjoy your TV.
It's not dying.
Grand Theft Who?
Enjoy the Emmys.
It was just weird to wake up to that, that's all.
Don Cheadle's voice in my ear.
Do you know how you make it part of your dream
when you hear stuff?
Absolutely.
So no.
You don't know?
Oh.
Rob's guess is Luck Be a Lady, Spencer?
Yeah, I'm going to go with Luck Be a Lady.
Luck Be a Lady, because there's the thing, Fiddler on the Roof.
I don't even know that that's a song.
That's the correct answer.
It is Fiddler on the Roof.
Maybe it means the entire musical.
All right, final question, final question.
The score.
So we all lose a point?
No, that doesn't help me.
That is it, no, that's that.
It'd be exactly where we are.
This round will determine whether you're worse than us
or just equal.
That's it.
You have no chance of being superior.
Every game I've ever played, go ahead, do it.
That's why you invited me up here, Erin.
All right, this next round is unique to the other rounds.
As we stand, Spencer has four, Dan has four, Rob has three.
Yes, we.
Four, you're unclear at home, four is more than three.
In this last round, there are many different options
for the correct answer.
We'll go around first.
If you choose the correct answer in the first round,
you'll get two points, meaning that anyone who guesses us
correctly wins a round, and then we'll just do that.
OK.
Final round, you'll see.
Final round.
Basically, it's so close whoever guesses this first wins,
and this is going to start with Spencer.
Wait, do we have to chime in?
No, no, no, we'll still do the round robin thing,
and then I'll say the correct answer after the three.
Here we go.
The straight line.
Yeah, sorry.
It's not a round robin at all, that refers to a very specific
thing.
OK.
Until I took up woodwork, I made music in my spare time.
I have an album I released on Amazon.
Wait, are these?
This is a quote, and now I'm going
to list several different names of what Bill's original album
is called.
Amazing, OK, all right.
Here we go.
OK.
I'm really good at making games, you guys.
All right, A. Oh, thanks.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I was supposed to applause.
OK.
A, time on inside.
B, personal records.
C, empty swing set.
D, bloody belt.
In a puddle of Jack Daniels, next to a station wagon,
with my father's monogrammed car keys.
You're describing the album art.
I've already forgot the first one.
OK.
A, time on inside.
B, personal records.
C, empty swing set.
D, mighty will, heart will come.
E, Indiana.
C, dad's car.
Wait, not C. Next one.
Rain, take a bow.
Next one.
Run, walk, run.
Periods after each of those words.
Next one.
Catch a day.
No punctuation.
Next one.
Notes, exclamation point.
Live it down.
OK, so those are all the options.
I apologize for the lettering.
One of those is an original album by Bill.
I'll read them again really, really fast.
Time on inside.
Personal records.
Empty swing set.
Mighty will, heart will come.
Indiana, dad's car, rain, comma, take a bow.
Run, walk, run.
Catch the day.
Notes, exclamation point, and live it down.
All right.
Stake's going to be higher.
Is it me?
Yeah.
I got to go with, I mean, the dad issues thing.
Makes me want to think dad's car.
But I got to go with run, walk, run.
Run, walk, run.
I'll go with dad's car.
Dad's car, I got to double down on all my dad stuff.
Dad's car, OK.
I'm going to need you to say I'm all again.
Time on inside, personal records, empty swing set.
You're just mushing them all in the one elbow.
OK, I'll say all, I'll emerald it.
I'll say bam after each of them.
Time on inside, bam.
Personal records, bam.
Empty swing set, bam.
Mighty will, heart will come.
Bam, Indiana, bam.
Dad's car, bam, bam.
Rain, take a bow, bam.
Run, walk, what, what?
Wait, I don't know.
I'm like, Madeleine Conn every time I read it.
Run, walk, run, bam.
Catch the day, bam.
Notes, exclamation point, bam.
Live it down, bam.
Lightning walk, run will come.
What is it?
Run, walk, run.
No, that's not it, it's the other one.
Mighty will, heart will come.
OK.
You all chose made up titles, so we'll do this again.
All right, we'll start with Dan.
And cross off the ones that we chose.
Oh, thank you.
So we don't do it again.
Yeah, because I don't know.
Yeah, I was too busy.
I was Instagramming a picture of you
controlling and it was 9-11 over your shoulder.
Oh, man.
Yeah, that's real funny.
Let's laugh.
You laugh at that.
Have a good laugh.
OK.
Here we go.
So this will start with Dan.
Here are the albums left.
Time on inside, bam.
Personal records, bam.
I don't need to say bam.
Don't say bam.
Personal records, empty swing set, Indiana.
Rain take a bow, catch the day.
Notes, live it down.
OK, notes catch the day.
Rain take about two pretentious for Belle,
like two grandiose.
Personal records.
All right, Rob.
Empty swing set.
Why are you giving me that look?
My smile?
Yeah.
Because I like you.
Thank you.
Spencer?
I thought it was personal records too,
but I feel like I'm just copying.
Do what you're thinking.
I'm going to do it.
So we tie, whatever.
The correct answer is personal records.
Well, if you want to win, that's how you do it.
Let's give a really, really heartfelt round
of applause to Belle.
Thank you, Belle.
And I promise that Belle could come up and say,
come up and if you could.
Let's hear your thoughts, Belle.
Let's hear your thoughts.
I'm sorry, I don't really have that many thoughts.
Oh, you don't?
OK.
I was giving you the floor.
Well, no, I just want to say, Rob, you totally nailed
the long hair thing, man.
See?
Totally nailed it.
And the thing they wanted.
I have my uses.
Being in the drum line, I liked Rush.
And didn't get laid.
All right.
All right, great.
Beef steak bill.
Now he's beef steak bill, everybody.
He's earned a higher title.
Now he's just beef bill.
Yeah, he said in his email that he
resented the beef fungus bill nickname.
Well, I think Belle knew that.
Yeah, he's never been coy about not liking being
called beef fungus bill, nor do we care.
I got to say, getting a nickname.
I'm sure the Hamburglar wants to be called Senator.
But you know what?
Motherfucker stole a burger.
Ain't no frat guy.
These are dance five minutes for a night at the Apollo.
It's Senator Rob Straub, all right.
I was going to say Strom Thurmond.
That was the senator in my head.
Who's probably still alive, Strom Thurmond.
No, he's finally got it.
But if you would like to have 45 minutes of Harmontown
dedicated to you, simply send a self-addressed stamped
envelope to Nowhere, and then come to the show every day,
every week for like a year.
I'm just saying, it was a good segment.
And some people might be wondering, who's Bill?
He comes all the time.
I've been wondering something for a very long time.
And now that I'm in the Comptroller seat,
I feel like I can explore it.
You see the first and second row all the time.
I'm so curious, who's in the back?
Can we talk to somebody in the back for a moment?
Those are the people that are just standard customers.
Often the answer is nobody, because they come to the first
half of the show, and they go, fuck this.
All right, sorry, guys.
Well, is there anybody that's usually in the back?
Oh, does it?
Oh, yeah.
Come on down.
Are you?
Someone sadly said there's.
Oh, there's BJ.
OK.
I thought I saw some cat ears.
All right, here comes Back Lady.
Back Lady.
Here, come on up.
Back be a lady tonight.
I'm also one of the interns, but I
was a regular for Harmontown before I became an intern,
so I lurk in the back.
Yes, and we've met before, but what was your name again?
Kelly.
Kelly, Kelly everybody.
OK.
So what's it like back there?
It's dark, and it's hard, because when people stand,
because we have to sit at the concession stand.
So sometimes when people stand in that general area,
all of a sudden it's like, OK, can't see the stage.
So you get the actual podcast feeling,
because all you can do is listen to it.
But then when something crazy visually happens,
and it's like, OK, now I know how the listeners feel.
I can't see anything.
You have to go to the hashtag on Instagram.
Yeah, that's what I do.
When did you just move to LA?
Actually, October 9th will be my one-year anniversary.
So sort of.
Are your dreams coming true?
You're an intern, a nerdist at Meltdown.
That's pretty much it.
But I mean, I don't know.
I didn't think that a year living here, I'd be unemployed.
But hooray, I'm in LA.
You thought you'd be.
I thought I'd just be employed somewhere.
It's like an assistant.
What is your dream?
I want to write for TV.
Mm-hmm.
That's a good one.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
So preferably TV comedies, so.
Cool.
The Emmys were tonight.
I know.
We were actually just talking about them,
because we were looking on the CNN,
because it popped up that Breaking Bad One for Best Drama,
if nobody was paying attention, hooray.
And then, but like, there we go.
I hear it's good.
I'm going to check that out.
No, I watch it.
It's phenomenal.
And then Modern Family won for Best Comedy, but.
Oh, there you go.
There you go.
Like usual.
But apparently, there's a lot of upsets this year,
like who won best actors and stuff.
That's what I heard, like nobody's swept.
Nobody swept.
Like Breaking Bad One for Best Drama,
but Anna Gunn was the only one who won any actor awards
for Breaking Bad.
And then Modern Family, they won for Best Comedy,
but none of their actors won for Best Comedy.
So it's a really strange.
I just thought we were at the drawing room,
and we were talking about the Emmys,
and I was like, you know, they bothered
to do this arbitrary separation.
This is that sound of the show's air getting let out
in the background.
They bothered to do this arbitrary separation
between comedy and drama, and so everything's bisected,
especially nowadays, where it's like, okay.
And Erin pointed out that she was watching Nurse Jackie,
and I was sleeping in bed, and I woke up.
Apparently, I'm an asshole in my sleep.
I just woke up half asleep and went, hilarious.
It's a hilarious show.
They should nominate it for Best Comedy,
and like in my sleep, it's just still better.
Still an asshole.
Anyways, but these divisions between drama and comedy exist,
but what doesn't exist is a division between, say,
the schedule, like the idea that, oh,
is this a show that owed 25 episodes a year,
or is this a show that had to do 10 episodes
every two years?
But then I stopped myself, and I was like,
wait, what am I talking about?
This is perfect.
The Emmys are actually the place
where it all comes out in the wash,
because if you make 13 episodes a year,
and you therefore get to make good television
instead of focusing on revenue,
then you have a better shot at an Emmy,
and that's actually justice, I think.
So I'm telling a story about how I had a thought,
and then it canceled itself out.
Whoa, whoa, my friends and I have actually
been talking about it and saying that, really,
there should be a division between network and cable,
because cable often, they have a bigger budget,
and they have the ability to do way more
just being on cable. They used to have that division,
but that threatened both the existence of cable and networks.
Like they used to just, there was the Emmys,
and then there was the Cable Ace Awards.
They were like, you little darlin' cable shows,
here's a little Ace Award for you.
And at a certain point, the Emmys are like,
what are we gonna do?
Just stand here while Rome is burning?
Are we gonna keep having the Emmys?
Are we gonna invite HBO into this
so we can give all the awards to them?
Well, I mean, the interesting thing is that television
is still an art form, it's still a medium.
I think that's what Don Sheetal was trying to say
when I was waking up.
I think his point was that, isn't it funny
that throughout all of this,
all of the weird permutations that cinema is going through,
and music and stuff, that television,
it is still a thing called television,
and it does carry a certain cultural weight,
and movies are getting shittier and shittier.
Ooh, insidious.
Uh, and TV continues to get like,
as we start to mash it into,
I guess that's sort of like print
is probably the biggest analogy,
because after you mashed time and life magazine
into a thousand cat fancies,
that's when magazines started to get good.
Like, oh shit, there's a ninja magazine?
Like, that's Breaking Bad.
It's like the more surface area.
Breaking Bad's a ninja magazine?
I will never make myself clear to these people.
Anyways, whatever, I can talk.
You know what, this podcast should be called
I Go To Bed And Mumble Things Until I Fall Asleep.
What are you plugging, Kelly?
Chips?
No.
Soda?
I mean, if you want to buy everything,
either it's a dollar for sodas.
All right, all right, everything, everything's a dollar.
Kelly, you don't have to do that.
You don't have to do that.
And if anybody has any jobs, call me.
All right, Kelly everybody, call her.
So being here, thank you very much.
Yeah, yeah, very happy about that.
She wants to work at TV comedy.
We'll see if maybe she'll meet somebody.
Kelly just whispered to me that Merritt Weaver
won for supporting actress.
She's amazing on Nurse Jackie.
She's really great, yeah.
This year was weird because the categories were so loaded
with amazing actors.
And some people are saying some really mean,
bullying things about the people who won.
For example, yeah, what was that mean?
In the best actor category, everyone
thought that Brian Cranston was going to be a shoo-in.
But then Bob Kevally, am I saying that right?
No, Bobby Connolly.
Bobby Connolly from Boardwalk Empire won against John Ham
and all the guys from Breaking Bad and also
with the best supporting actress or best supporting
actor, Tony Hale, who's great?
I don't know, I'm sorry.
So people are just saying shitty things about.
Well, they're saying that like the.
During the show, like the next person comes up.
What the fuck was that?
Bob Newhart comes up and just goes, pfft.
No, no, on Twitter.
Oh, Brian Cranston, you should have got that award, man.
You should have got that.
Oh, shit, it's like this.
No respect.
Oh, man, it's this guy.
It's everybody's buddy from the neighborhood.
Who were the Emmys when Amerigo Fasbucci, what's
her name, Ugly Buddy, won?
America Ferrera.
Amerigo Fasbucci.
Rob, you do a really good Amerigo Fasbucci impression.
Oh, man, what's going on here?
But you should have got that award.
It should have been Brian Cranston, man.
American Espuchy.
Hey, Amerigo Fasbucci, what's up?
Yeah, man, that's being a question.
I know it says market price for the fish of the day.
I don't know.
Oh, yeah, that's how it usually is every Friday.
But you know, you come in here, I'll give you 2% off
and some lemon wedges.
All right.
Amerigo, what do you think about gas prices?
Oh, they're through the roof.
Do you drive out?
What kind of car do you drive?
Do you drive a car?
Oh, I got a Volt.
I just plug it in.
I don't even use gas.
I haven't used gas since October.
Is that when you got your electric car?
No.
I mean, you walked in a lot, too.
So you walked around and then you got an electric car?
Yeah, I walked to the car dealership.
Amerigo.
Yes, Aaron McGath, I'm losing the accent.
Oh, no.
Well, what's left of the character?
Keep going, keep going.
I heard that you and your girlfriend recently had a baby.
What's the baby's name?
Volt.
All right.
Obviously, there's some money-changing hands here.
Right.
No, America Ferrari, what's her name?
America Ferrera.
OK.
She won for Ugly Betty, remember, this year?
The year I'm talking about, remember, a couple years ago?
Is that Ugly Betty?
Sure, I don't remember what year, but yeah.
Or maybe it was the Golden Globes, but I remember watching TV
and they were doing that thing where there's a person in the wings
like jumping on you like a harpy as you walk up the stage
and this poor girl who was on the show called Ugly Betty.
She walked off stage after winning her award
and this woman, this wave from some entertainment show,
pounces on her and goes, so, America Ferrera,
how does it feel to win your first blah, blah, blah?
And she's like, oh, it feels great.
I'm just so glad.
It hasn't sunk in or anything.
So what do you have to say to all those people out there
that said America Ferrera is not attractive enough
to be a leading lady?
I just stuck a mic in her face and she was like, uh, what?
Commercial.
You know, the show's just called Ugly Betty.
That doesn't mean you get to kick me in the face.
I'm a human being.
Yeah, all right, anyways, television.
It's still out there.
Still doing its thing.
From Kennedy's assassination to the Beatles
and everything in between those seven months,
Don Cheadle will be there.
What was, this was so weird.
Like at the Grammys, there's always this weird moment
where a guy comes out and yells at you
for downloading music and then recedes back
into the rafters, starts playing his pipe organ again.
Fun fact, Dan and I went to the last week
we were at the Creative Arts Emmys
and Dan was presenting so he was backstage.
How was that?
Is there, what was that?
What'd you do?
What was your bit?
See, our bit was, me and Joel McHale went out
and our bit was that,
How'd they introduce you first?
It was just the top of the show.
Creative Arts Emmys has to run like a bobsled
because it's 72 awards and they,
it's so weird because it's like,
okay, it's the Creative Arts Emmys.
So we understand, don't, you know,
we're not, you're not gonna show us
during the prime time broadcast.
So you would think that that would mean then,
okay, I won an award for hairdressing.
I should be able to chew the scenery a little bit
and go like, hold my very real Emmy and go like, okay.
Like, you know what, I've been putting my fingers
through gross people's hair for 30 years
and I finally got a fucking Emmy for it.
I thank you Jesus Christ for giving me the power
to do hair at six in the morning.
Thank you for, thank you to my mother who told me
that doing hair wasn't, whatever, blah, blah, blah.
They give them like 14 seconds to get through this stuff
because there's so many awards and they tell them
the time you take getting to the stage comes off your time.
So people who like are winning for like best belt making
are like running sprint to the extent
that they love their children and wanna thank them more.
They have to run like the longer they've been
in the business, the more people they have to thank,
the more they have to fucking truck it up there.
And the faster this weird techno music starts playing,
that when they play them off,
I noticed the Emmys tonight, the real Emmys,
they're actually, they've created a very delicate playoff.
Claire Daines was accepting and it was like sort of like,
I guess live orchestra probably they know what they're doing.
They start vamping a little bit.
That's the creative arts Emmys.
It's like some woman going up there and going,
my husband died while I was doing John Teetle's wardrobe
and I told him I'd be home by five.
I was home by five the next morning.
And I also just,
including people accepting an award
for a television program about kids with AIDS.
And I was in the audience and these people won this award
and they're like, you know, this award is,
it's not about us.
It's about like bringing attention to this issue.
There are kids across the country who are suffering
from this disease and I, they're dying and I just appreciate.
At a certain point, like they were screaming.
Thank you kids, thank you AIDS, goodnight.
Yeah.
But I was gonna say the coolest thing,
like I mean that was a weird experience.
I was sitting out in the audience alone, like in the,
like towards the front,
I got to watch one of my childhood heroes,
Scott Bacula from Quantum Leap.
Yeah. Yeah.
And God Morgan Freeman,
watch Dan present this award.
Like I don't even know what Dan looked like
while he was presenting the award.
Cause I was just like,
Scott Bacula.
Were they saying anything?
Or is it like, they're like, oh, he's, he's really.
Oh, what is that young man doing up there?
Okay, Scott, Scott Bacula and, and Morgan Freeman.
They were hanging out together?
With, they were sitting right next to each other.
But, but you two, Scott Bacula,
you want to go to the shmimmies with me?
Oh, you're driving out.
They, they sound exactly the same.
And that's how it happened.
Yeah.
And also, sorry.
I've cleared my throat.
So please continue.
Go ahead, go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Lost my train of thought.
But before, well, before the MAs
when Dan was backstage,
so a producer comes out and says,
okay, we need to get some shots of the audience.
We need to see you guys smiling and clapping.
You know, when they,
when they go to the audience,
when like you're really happy because
and a gun won or sad because you won or whatever.
We, we had to do these like laughing and whatever things.
And I was really not into it.
And then I look over at Scott Bacula and Morgan Freeman
super into it.
Guys, look like something really funny happened.
Morgan Freeman,
ah, like just like growing his head back.
Camera right in his face.
Him and Scott Bacula, like they, they do it.
They really know how to do it.
I have to imagine that they're either doing a bit.
They're doing it ironically and having fun
because they know they're going to be front and center
or be and or because in the past they haven't done it
and it's like blown back on them in some weird way.
What's up with Morgan Freeman?
What's his problem with AIDS?
You get a Tommy Lee Jones.
Tommy Lee Jones famously at the Oscars.
Grumpy face, Tommy Lee Jones.
Like no one wants to be Tommy Lee Jones.
That's one of those.
I do.
Speaking of Tommy Lee Jones.
Holy shit, Batman forever.
It's like watching your dad come down during a sleepover
and like try to play cards with your friends.
Dad.
No, we don't want to play cards.
We're talking about boys.
Ah, it's horrible.
I don't want to pimp anybody to do impressions, but I,
but especially not me.
But the hardest I ever laughed in my entire life
was when we were in Milwaukee and just driving,
the snow was on the road and I was just driving with Schrab
and he was just, he was just being two-faced
and I was just asking him questions.
Be going like this, man.
He's just mad about the, hey, two-faced.
Yes.
Hey.
This is going to sound a lot like my other impression.
It's not really, it's more of a character.
What do you want to know?
Two-faced.
Thanks for the ride, by the way.
For the homeless,
and there are rabbits holding a side of his face
and trying to.
What, what?
Half.
Half of my face holding.
What do you, what do you like in your coffee?
Do you like?
Half and half.
Yeah, yeah.
Two-faced.
Wow, you're so villainous.
I only, I only like to say like two things.
Two-faced, everyone has to bring something to this,
this potluck picnic, a dance bringing, casserole,
I'm bringing, soda.
What are you going to bring?
Two cupcakes.
Of the same flavor?
Yes.
A part.
He was doing it for, for an hour.
We were driving around and then at the end of it,
I said, what's your favorite movie?
Predator 2.
I could have said Critters.
He loves Predator 2.
I saw that they show the thing,
they show the quad video.
I don't like Face Off though.
No, no, no, God no.
Oh, terrible.
Oh, I got really angry.
Yeah, it, it, it.
Now they only took off half the face.
It's like Catcher in the Rye.
All right, we should, we're gonna play Dungeons and Dragons.
We only have so much time here, folks.
Yes.
Come on, for God's sake.
Oh, oh, now you're, what,
what are you sitting over there hoping we won't play?
I'm sorry, did you notice how hilarious
that whole thing was?
It was hilarious.
What, are you saying it was not hilarious?
What?
He just, he gets so high before the show.
That's it, that's all.
All the questions you have on the Spencer,
that's all, that's the only answer.
That's libel.
That's libel to be true.
I think libel can be true.
Yeah.
All right, so, so Rob,
you are gonna play Jeff's character.
Sure.
Okay, and why don't, why don't we have
a beefsteak bill play Kumail?
Right, as a reward for hanging out.
All right, here we go.
And here comes the music.
Last time on Harmon Town,
our heroes were exploring the Great Hall
of Admiral Darkstar's Black Keep.
There they encountered a paladin
by the name of Callis the Magnificent.
I feel like I'm really fighting this music.
Oh, sorry.
It's cool.
Callis the Magnificent,
they bullied him into killing himself
in a room full of evil darkness.
Bullied?
Yeah, yeah, I'd say that's a pretty fair description.
No, no, we'll discuss that in a moment.
Then they started going up a staircase.
That's all.
Okay, so let's, can we do a little meta talk
about that character and his attitude?
Yeah.
So we bullied him?
Yeah, I mean, I think that's fair.
He was obstinate, he was assholish.
He came into your dungeon after fighting
like two rooms full of tricky demons
that tried to mess with his mind
and he thought you were tricky demons.
So he came in, you know, full cocked.
And we told him that we weren't tricky.
And he was like, prove it.
And then you were like, blah, blah, blah.
And he was like, you guys got fucking skeletons.
That's evil.
And you were like, ah, I'm mad at you.
And he's like, oh, maybe you're right.
And then he felt kind of foolish.
And then he was like, oh, so Shane killed him, really?
No, well, then that would have killed him.
But then you guys started really, really firing back at him.
You know, like, oh, yeah, now you guys
feel bad about yourself.
And he's like, oh, I'm going to go in this room.
And then he got killed.
All right, so I guess that's technically bullying him.
Yeah, I mean, whatever.
I don't feel bad.
You don't have to.
I feel great.
Some guy came in the room and whatever.
I don't feel bad either, because he just
sort of charged off into there.
He just, we were like, what about this room?
He just like charged off.
He was a dick.
And at one point, I kneeled in front of him
and offered to let him cut my head off.
If he, I was forthcoming.
You're being a dick about that.
That's passive aggressive.
Passive aggressive.
Come on, come on, hit off.
Do it, do it.
No.
I mean, all right.
You've done that to me before.
So we went up a staircase.
Here we are.
You still are.
A staircase?
The October.
All this October at the Holiday mattress store.
I examined my staircase surroundings.
It's a long staircase.
It kind of winds around in a circle.
I guess more of a stairwell.
What order are we on the staircase?
You know, whatever.
No.
So right now, Rob, it's like when we play at home.
Like, we're just interacting.
What?
I think we're in a line.
Yeah, I know we're in a line, but we're not in a fight.
And who's like in the middle?
Who's in the back?
That's up to you guys.
That's half the line.
I got an idea.
Let's have him be in the front.
I got to look at it.
I'll be in the front.
I'm in the front.
Then we can be second.
All right.
That happens.
I start running up the staircase.
As you run up the stairs, you feel the temperature increasing.
It's getting hotter.
This is the Arctic area, but it's hot.
It's crazy.
Guys, this is weird.
It is weird.
It's weird for here.
Stop running up the stairs.
You're breaking a sweat.
I feel the walls and see if the walls are warm.
The walls themselves aren't particularly warm.
It's just the air somehow.
As you are going up these stairs,
you see a large orange metal door.
It's like a safe door with a big kind of spinny handle thing.
I touched the door.
It's warm.
There's hot stuff on the other side.
Look under the crack.
I look under Rob's crack.
No.
No, the crack of the door.
The twix, the door.
It's like a safe door.
There's no crack.
Yeah, that's what happens.
You didn't check, did you?
I look under the crack.
There is a one like you.
OK, all right, now we know.
It could be an above crack.
You didn't check that either.
OK, people, stand down.
We got a hot door here.
This is a hot door.
It's a safe type door.
There seems to be hot elements on the other side.
At this point in time, I am a mage.
I will cast resist elements on most of you.
If you want resist elements cast upon you,
please come to the front.
If you are a skeleton or an assistant to a skeleton,
please remain behind the living.
I repeat, you will not have resist elements cast upon you.
If you are a skeleton, if you are a skeleton,
you already resist elements.
You are dead.
I cast resist elements on people.
I think that only works on the one person.
Do it on me.
Cast elements.
I say that I'll save it for a rainy day,
and then I do it under the breath resist elements
casting on myself.
That happens.
It's not noticeable.
All right.
What are you?
Are you a thief or a rogue?
I'm a quark, barbarian.
I'm a barbarian.
I'm a half elf.
I put on my flaming armor.
OK.
Hello.
And I go up to the door, and I try to open the door.
Wait, wait, wait.
I stop.
I stop you.
How are you stopping me?
Well, it's like by putting two hands on my flaming armor.
On your shoulders, yeah.
OK, OK.
It's romantic for a second, unless it burns me.
OK.
I turned down my flames.
I resist your elements.
Oh, OK.
OK, so here we go.
Am I standing in the between them?
Only if you want to be.
Step around and do trap sense on the door.
That's up to you guys.
So you put your hands on my shoulder.
I want Christopher to check out the door.
He's a rogue.
That's what I'm saying.
When you come to a door, he's just let me sit on the door.
Yeah, sure.
Certain protocol here.
Are you trying to protect me?
Yes.
Yes, yes.
The way I try to protect you when I say,
did you turn the gas off when we go to bed?
I'm trying to protect the whole house.
Love.
What's happening?
Crap sense.
Christopher wants to check out the door.
Trap sense, is that what I heard?
Yeah.
OK.
So you examine this door.
It looks on closer inspection to be made of adamantium.
Oh.
Oh, wait, no, that's OK.
All right.
It's a very strong and a hard metal,
for those of you not in the know.
It's what Wolverine's made out of.
Not that you can tell.
Yeah, the skeleton.
It's one electron different from unobtainium.
That's the door.
All right.
So it's made out of adamantium, but there's no traps
that you can sense?
I don't see anything.
So it's like a vault door, like it's got a crank on it?
Yeah.
Yeah, let's open this thing.
Come on.
All right, kitten, you want to do a?
Sure.
Yes, I will.
What?
I don't know.
All right.
What do you want?
Whoever wants to open it, open it.
Hey, you want to open this door with me?
Sure.
OK, you grab one side.
I got this side.
OK, and now?
I'm going to push up, you push down.
Let's do it counterclockwise.
I mean it in a straight line.
No, no, let's open it.
OK.
One, two, three, open.
You pull the handle, and it slides open with a sharp snick.
Ouch.
Snicked?
A snick?
From the adamantium.
That's the sound of it.
Wouldn't it be three?
Fucking nerd.
Nice.
It's a deep cut.
A nerd alert sounds throughout the dungeon.
Yeah.
So yeah.
I don't understand what's going on.
Oh my god, my high school girlfriend came to the show.
What's happening?
Snicked is a sound effect that Wolverine's just
adamantium plasma.
Who the fuck a wolf man is?
Why did you come here, Trisha?
I'm going home.
You won't go to the snowball dance with me?
You show up when I'm 40 to the Harmontown?
It's weird.
Your theme for your dance was just snowball?
We had a winter dance, snowball dance.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
The room is hot like a summer's day.
And you begin to sweat.
Those things are hot, right?
Yeah, depending on where you are.
I guess that's a good point.
Inside this room are three massive stone lions,
mouths frozen open, and a ferocious roar.
You don't see any doors in this room,
but there are masses of chains hanging from the high ceiling,
some dangling down like silver vines
from the clanking canopy.
I grab one of the chains and I start pulling on it.
It's too high up.
Probably the lowest one is about 20 feet off the floor.
I can't jump in?
Nope.
OK.
You jump on one of these stone lions and jump up there.
In the center of the room, you also
see a metal treasure chest.
I approach the treasure chest, try to open it.
You approach the treasure chest.
Do you mind if I look at that first?
Yeah.
If you look at it first?
Yeah, I'd like to trap sense on it.
Let them trap sense.
OK.
What don't you understand about this procedure?
I don't want you to get hurt.
Try to be nice.
No trap sense first.
A little bit of caution.
I misunderstood.
I thought it was just like a foot.
No, I just wanted to open it and take everything
and keep it to myself.
Go ahead, Chris.
There's a trap.
Ahhhhh!
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Trap sense.
The Proletariat.
Ba da da da.
Are in a trap of economy.
Oh, trap sense.
And television was there for the first season of Gilligan's Island to the explosion of our
president's brains. What did they have in common television? It doesn't make sense to praise that
as if it's like what a medium. Good job TV. Thanks for the Beatles and killing Kennedy. Thank
you. I'll keep watching you. Commence with the awards. Who got one and a gun? All right. I knew
I was watching something important. So what's the nature of the trap? Dan Harmon. I didn't write
what I said at the Emmy. Oh, shit. I got an email from Don Cheadle. Wrote that for me. Dear Don
Cheadle, first of all, let's follow each other and send each other. We shouldn't have to direct
tweet each other. So we open the door. There's some lions and some chains. There's a trap. It's a
good question. You think it might be some sort of mechanical based trap. Mechanical based trap.
That's situated on the locking mechanism. No other exits from this room. Not that you can see. Hey,
do I think it's related to the lions or the chains? It's not related to anything but the chest. I
say we all get behind the chest and give her an open from behind it. Like to the hinge. Reach around.
Yeah. Reach around. Yeah. We all stand behind it. It's designed to trap whoever opens it. Is it a hinge
chest or is it a lid chest? It's a, I mean, it has a hinged lid. Thank you. It's a hybrid. Hey,
why don't we take the hinges off the back? That's not a bad idea. Thanks. How do you plan to do that?
I'm going to just start hitting it with my foot. What do I got here? I have conjure Phillips. How are the
hinges affixed? Guys, I have a cloak of resistance. We really want to open it, but I have a feeling
that if we open it, things will happen. Maybe the lions will come to life or something. If I put on
the cloak of resistance, I can open it and you guys can hide. How do you feel? As far as I understand,
as the resident wizard, can I cast Detect Magic on this thing? Yeah. And will that allow me to also
further get a little more information about if there is magic, what kind of magic? Yeah, but I said
it was a mechanical trap. Yeah, but I, okay, so that's you telling me not to waste my spell. Yeah. Okay,
so what I'm saying is it's a mechanical trap. There's no mechanics on God's earth that will make these
lions come to life. I'm not saying they won't at some point, but the trap that we sensed, it's going
to be, it's like, there's some shit that's going to, you know, it's like, oh, I got shot with a dart or
there's gas that comes out. It's a mechanical trap. I don't think so. No? I was kind of thinking we
could use some vials of acid on the hinges. Yeah. I love it. All right. I'm just saying don't stand
in front of the chest when you do it. I still I still I put on my cloak of resistance. Good call. As
you put it on, you feel more resistant. She hasn't been wearing that the entire time. No, she has. You
guys are all wearing I put on my cloak of oppositional defiant disorder. No, you don't. Yeah. So do you
want to do the acid thing? All right. So you pour your vials of acid over over the hinges on the back
of this chest and it bubbles and you smell a terrible smell. But eventually it eats through. And you
see these hinges are now gone. You could probably pull up the top of the lid. To me, the smell is good
because I it's the smell of a trap being foiled. Yeah, then it does smell good to you. All right,
gentlemen. The snack is lit over. All right, let's do it. All right. All right, you open up the lid and
as you open it, you see the the trap mechanism inside. It looks like it's a little tiny crossbow. So
you pull off the lid and it just fires the crossbow in the other direction. See dumb. Child's
play. Yes. All right. Inside the chest are 60 arrows and two bags of arts and crafts supplies. I'll
take those. I'll take I take all the glitter. All the glitters. I want all the craftwood. Is this a
mull rain chest? Thank you. Gentlemen, I'm going to go ahead and scoop up this arts and crafts
supplies. And I'm going to I'm going to take 20 of these arrows. What? You can't take can't take the
arrows any arts and crafts. Just taking all of them. She's taking some of them. What? Let's give you
up the arrows. You got a crossbow? Crossbows take bolts, not arrows. Yeah. All right. Well,
in celebration, I walk up to one of the stone lions and I kick it and I go yeah. It's it's
pretty invigorating. It doesn't hurt too bad. You're just feeling I don't have a bow. Stop
looking everybody. Sorry. Can I can I use wild empathy on the frozen lions to figure out what
happened? You could try but you don't feel empathy coming towards them as if they're just statues
or something. I get on top of one of them. And I'm like, I wish one day they'll invent something
that stores images. I burned that into my mind to your memory. I remember that time. What's in
the arts and crafts supplies? You know, just general stuff. All right, Spencer, if we want to go
down this road, we'll go down this road. Figure at least give you the tools to do it with right.
Okay. I examine the eyes and mouths of the lions. Just looking for gems, baubles, other sundry
notions. You see their eyes do kind of look a little glinty like glint glint glint things.
And in celebration of getting all the supplies, I grabbed two of the chains and I started swinging
around and she can't do that. She can't do that. I tried doing that and you said I couldn't. Yeah,
you're not high enough. You'd have to jump. Right. Not high enough. Guys, I got a glint over here.
I got glint. Is there anything in its mouth? Who's asking? I'm asking him because he's up
there. I got glint in the eyes. I don't know. The mouth seems empty. Mouth clear. Eye glinty. Can
I climb on the, can I climb on top of the lion and then jump on a chain? Yeah, hold up. What
made you laugh? You didn't say I could do that. Well, you didn't ask. You do that. You climb up
atop the stone lion. You also can, you can get onto one of these chains if you'd like. I'm on,
I want to get on one of the chains. Then you do. I want to swing around. You swing around. It's
like a joyous occasion. I have a knife I want to use to pry some of the glintiness out of these
lion eyes. Okay. So you're trying to, you're trying to pry. Yeah. Pry the eye. Yeah. When you,
when you're jamming it with your prior, you feel the eye go in a little bit like it's being pushed
inward and you, you hear a rumbling coming from the ceiling above and you on the chain. What did
you do? You're self shaken on this chain as the ceiling begins to roll. I rushed to the opposite
and I'm going to climb up on that line. On what now? The lion that's opposite him. So it'd be
diagonal again. So you're all on lions? Might not be a bad idea. Well, I mean, I'm not. I didn't,
I'm standing here. Would you like to be on the lion? Yes. All I wanted was to be invited. Everyone
gets on a lion. The rumbling continues and gets louder and builds to a cliffhanger. Thank you,
everyone for coming to Harmontown. Let's hear it for Bill, Rob Schroff, Spencer, Dan Harmon.
Drive safe. Thank you, Bill. Thank you, Erin, McGathey, guest com, Traller. Thank all of you.
I don't know. Exit through the gift shop. I don't know what Jeff usually says. He thanks everybody.
Katie Levine, Dustin, Emily. Zach, Dustin Marshall, Feral Audio. Probably Moe. Everyone did great.
Thank you, everyone. I'm out now. Thank you. See you next week.